58 questions and key points need to be added (#59)
vantage6/vantage6-workshop: episodes/chap1_introduction_FL.md

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: keypoints

> - Privacy enhancing analysis can derive insights from data without seeing individual records
> - Privacy enhancing analysis usually starts with the anonymization or pseudonymization of the data
> - In federated data analysis the analysis moves to the data, while in classic analysis the data moves around
> - In secure multiparty computation, computations are performed collaboratively without any one party being able to see all the raw data
> - Techniques from differential privacy add noise to the data to make it harder to reconstruct the original records from an aggregation
> - Privacy enhancing analyses usually stack multiple techniques on top of eachother to provide multiple layers of protection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Privacy enhancing analysis can derive insights from data without seeing individual records.
- Privacy enhancing analysis usually starts with the anonymization or pseudonymization of the data.
- In federated data analysis the analysis moves to the data, while in classic analysis the data moves around.
- In secure multiparty computation, computations are performed collaboratively without any one party being able to see all the raw data.
- Techniques from differential privacy add noise to the data to make it harder to reconstruct the original records from an aggregation.
- Privacy enhancing analyses usually stack multiple techniques on top of each other to provide multiple layers of protection.
```

- Horizontal partitioning means the records are split, while in vertical partitioning the features are split.

> - Technology is only part of the story when doing research on privacy sensitive data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Technology is only one part of the story, when doing research on privacy sensitive data. 
```
If I understood the sentence correctly.
